hey guys is Alec or deceased Rock HD and
today I'm going to show you guys how to
make landmines and this is my marker I
guess it's right enough so what you do
is dig three blocks down with spider web
then tanti gravel or sand doesn't really
matter which time I prefer sand with a
wooden pressure plate or gravel with a
stone pressure plate now what you do is
they're supposed to walk over it and
then not be able to jump out so I walk
over it that usually happens that's why
i have three and then you're screwed now
there is a more efficient way of making
it not really officially it's just a
whole lot more effective dig just uh you
know make I mean how many course is that
you make for all right so you make a
little plus symbol right there you put
your spider webs now the way I did
before was the more official one that's
the one you're less likely to step over
and die on but you know I mean it's
still be pretty effective it'll
definitely scare the crap out of guide
steps on it Bradford you is bonemeal it
all around so you know they're kind of
like us this must be a random plus
someone just step on and die so some
pressure play first play persuade just
everywhere and that's basically it now
walks over it what the hell
that's yours maybe fly right and and you
know might as well pick up all his stuff
and some steel made some dirt maybe some
more dirt a little bit more dirt right
there some more dirt yeah that's
basically it that's how you make a
landline but there is also a better way
to do it what I like doing is I destroy
the guys house that lets say it would be
over here just pretend that there's dirt
fully covering this area there's house I
grief at all it's disappeared but then
he's like hey what is this and what is
that racket I mean what is that sound oh
my god it's stumble but you know it's
not only one note to melt private
deceased rod Sims RC struck that is mine
but remember we're pretending this is 0
this is another guy so if I can walking
in don't enter a seer radius
consequences fathom like I don't know
where so you know this might lead the
guy to what he thinks could be a little
factory thingy maybe a I don't know so
intricate redstone contraption I just
wants to check out or grief so let's go
on down denotes as casual days Oh chests
but wait why is there pressure plate
right now
you
oh alright and then you're dead and it's
not like you'd be able to check us out
unless yes hacks but where is it where
is the melons hybrid there's a melon
timer and it turns out it was only a
melon timer no intricate redstone
contraption nothing special just a
little time so that's how it's done and
that's how you can track people and few
the hell out all i gotta do is just you
know kind of bide your time because if
you're gonna make this house and expect
somebody to walk in this stuff will
despawn within i don't know like five
minutes so you just got to be careful
with that and just know that if he dies
you got to pick up his stuff quickly and
get away fast um i would recommend
pointing private deceased wrong i
wouldn't recommend putting your gamer
tag on it because then he'd know it's a
trap and you know then then he do what
most people do best on the minecraft
chat system which is complain and whine
about what happens you know like a this
guy griefed me I mean some servers like
that some servers band people for
briefing many do but um I'm just saying
kind of keep a low profile this cuz its
kind of chic but you know what I'm the
definition cheap in Minecraft so thanks
for watching us guys don't forget to
comment rate and subscribe and if you
guys want to see me make anything else
or you know find a new way to make
something just leave in the comments
section oh and uh you know i'll gladly
make it for you guys so yeah with that
so instead thanks for watching this
don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe on the way out and see it